Add Bolt 6.0 docs (#80)
neo4j/docs-bolt: modules/ROOT/pages/bolt/structure-semantics.adoc

Where the `srid` is a _Spatial Reference System Identifier_.

[[structure-vector]]
=== `Vector`

> label:new[Introduced in bolt 6.0]

Reviewer: When referring to a section (or any block element), you can use `[role=label--new-6.0]` on the line preceding the heading, as in 
```
[role=label--new-6.0]
=== `Vector`
```
This will place the label on the same line as the heading, but won't allow you to specify the `Bolt` bit (it will only show up as `Introduced in 6.0`).

> An ordered collection of homogeneous types, representing a vector in a multidimensional space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ordered collection of homogeneous types.
```
A vector lives in a multidimensional space by default, and if we take away that part, it remains 

> An ordered collection of homogeneous types, representing a vector.

... and saying that a vector represents a vector is just a little redundant :D

*tag byte:* `56`

*Number of fields:* 2
----
Vector::Structure(

>     type_marker::Bytes,

Reviewer 2: is it a single byte?

    data::Bytes,
)
----

> * `type_marker` is specifying the inner type of the vector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type_marker` specifies the inner type of the vector:
```

** `C8` for `8-bit signed integer`
** `C9` for `16-bit signed integer` (in big-endian order)
** `CA` for `32-bit signed integer` (in big-endian order)
** `C6` for `32-bit floating point value` (IEEE-754 single precision representation)
** `C1` for `64-bit floating point value` (IEEE-754 double precision representation)

> * `data` is a sequence of values of the specified type, encoded as specified in the description of `type_marker`.

Author: Are you sure it's not worth mentioning how `data` is encoded?

> * `data` is a sequence of values of the specified type, encoded as specified in the description of `type_marker`.

Reviewer: Mmm maybe the wording "values encoded as specified in `type_marker`" would be better?

My understanding is that type and encoding are the same thing, so that i.e. `type_marker = CA -> data must contain a sequence of values encoded as 32-signed ints`, but maybe I'm misunderstanding?

> * `data` is a sequence of values of the specified type, encoded as specified in the description of `type_marker`.

Author: Not exactly. "Unsigned 64-bit integer" is a type. You can encode it however you like. Big-endian and little-endian come to mind right away. But no one stops you from encoding it as an ASCII encoded string in base 10 for instance.

The sections below list the changes of structure semantics in versions where they changed.
Please also check for changes in xref:./message.adoc#messages-summary[Bolt Messages].

[[structure-summary-60]]
=== Version 6.0
** The <<structure-vector, `Vector`>> structure was added.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think we need to hold to see if we will go with preview release of the protocol.

Author: If team networking prefers to hold back the docs until the protocol has been released into the wild server-side (remember, drivers are already out - albeit in alpha phase), then I'm happy to wait with merging this PR until then.
